Spawn rework (#139)
RalfJung/minirust: spec/mem/atomic.md

    /// A non-atomic memory access.
    None,

>     /// An access that can not be seen by any other thread except
>     /// for the one executing it. Requires comment explaining reason if used.

Reviewer: This comment is wrong,. when spawning a thread then it is a different thread seeing the access!
```suggestion
    /// The initial write to an allocation that is only accessible by a single thread.
    /// Will be ignored for data race purposes. Requires comment explaining reason if used.
```

Author: This is not needed any more since we will get rid of Init.

impl<M: Memory> AtomicMemory<M> {
    /// Given a list of previous accesses, checks if any of the current accesses is in a data race with any of those.

>     pub fn check_data_races(&self, current_thread: ThreadId, prev_threads: Set<ThreadId>, prev_accesses: List<Access>) -> Result {

Reviewer: `prev_threads` should probably be `prev_sync_threads ` or so
